today I want to show you guys a new
camera backpack I got is made by the
company kata ka ta and the model number
is dr 467 this is a really good backpack
for anybody who has a digital SLR camera
I've looked around for a while for a
camera bag and I've even looked at the
sling type and one thing I don't really
like the sling type of bag is it's great
if you're removing a camera from the bag
when it straps you it's very convenient
but if you are using a sling that's
placed on the ground or anything like
that basically you have to access the
sling sideways like this so you have to
open this up and then pull the camera I
didn't really like that so I want a
knapsack where our backpack where I can
remove the camera just standing
vertically another thing about this bag
is that it doesn't have any big logos so
you don't tell everybody that hey I got
I got a DSLR camera in the bag and it's
very compact but your store lost up and
you'll see in a second so if you want to
get to your camera all you have to do is
basically pull this down okay and then
this section will come up come out and
it's great this way because for me doing
this I don't have Gears falling out of
the bag it still contain this pouch
where as I know some of the other
backpack you open this top up and the
whole flap comes down and you get all
the gears in there but for that type you
really have to have that bag place
completely down on the ground so you
don't have tears falling out this way
basically I just grabbed my camera
there's a big space here and I even have
my D 60 with my 18 to 200 lens which is
very fairly good size and fits no
problem and I also have an nikon sb-700
flash here with my kid lens charger some
cleaning item here for the lens so
for the gears I have which is not a lot
but it fits perfectly here just close it
back up the other thing about this bag
which I like is it has a an all-weather
pouch so basically you unfold this and
it covers the whole bag a great little
feature so if you catching the rain view
get caught up in a rain and you
basically protect your whole bag with
all weather pouch there is another
pocket here on the left there's also
another clock in the middle three
pockets and nothing great about this bag
is if you open this up there's a huge
compartment here you put whatever you
want a bottle water or sandwich anything
and I guys a little pouch here for extra
batteries and other electrical charger
for my camcorder so if I want take some
videos I got my camcorder here that's
what that was another thing that I
wanted one of the bag that can hold my
camcorder so this has a huge space here
where I can put my counter but that's
not it I mean that's not all there is to
it on the back here there's compartment
for laptop I have a 17 inch laptop here
and fits perfectly fine in here on the
back up here it's all well padded so
it's very comfortable also has a trolley
strap to call it but basically this
strap allows you to place this nav my
backpack onto a trolley to float around
or you can put this on the back of a
luggage handle so if you have a piece of
luggage to stand up upright luggage you
can actually feed the handle here so you
can basically just easily carry it
around the airport and you don't have to
have two hands holding two there's two
separate bags which is great the other
thing that I found about this bag is
there's a little compartment here on the
side where you can some people put water
bottles here but if you want to you can
actually beat the
leg of the tripod here and uses to hold
a tripod you just basically get a strap
from the handle and just basically strap
to the top and you can have the tripod
leg being held on the side like this and
I've tried that actually it works fine
so that's up to you but um so anyways I
want to show you guys this bag I think
it is really good for all the features I
was looking for at least it's all here
so it's great bag and you guys are
interested in all again this is the kata
ka ta and the model numbers D are four
six seven alright thank you for watching